Add section for config option changes (#10566)
DataDog/integrations-core: docs/developer/legacy/prometheus.md

For complete documentation of every option, see the associated configuration templates for the
[instances][config-spec-template-instances-openmetrics-legacy] and [init_config][config-spec-template-init-config-openmetrics-legacy] sections.

> ### Config changes between OpenMetrics V1 and V2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Config changes between versions
```

> There were config option changes between OpenMetrics V1 and V2, so please check if any updated OpenMetrics instances use deprecated options and update accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are config option changes between OpenMetrics V1 and V2, so check if any updated OpenMetrics instances use deprecated options and update accordingly.
```

> | OpenMetricsV1               | OpenMetricsV2                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| OpenMetrics V1              | OpenMetrics V2                       |
```

|-----------------------------|--------------------------------------|
| `ignore_metrics`            | `exclude_metrics`                    |
| `prometheus_metrics_prefix` | `raw_metric_prefix`                  |
| `health_service_check`      | `enable_health_service_check`        |

> | `labels_mapper`             | `labels_rename`                      |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `labels_mapper`             | `rename_labels`                      |
```

| `label_joins`               | `share_labels`*                      |
| `send_histograms_buckets`   | `collect_histogram_buckets`          |
| `send_distribution_buckets` | `histogram_buckets_as_distributions` |

> Note that the `type_overrides` option is incorporated in the `metrics` option now. This `metrics` option defines the list of which metrics to collect from the `openmetrics_endpoint`, and it can be used to remap the names and types of exposed metrics as well as use regular expression to match exposed metrics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: The `type_overrides` option is incorporated in the `metrics` option. This `metrics` option defines the list of which metrics to collect from the `openmetrics_endpoint`, and it can be used to remap the names and types of exposed metrics as well as use regular expression to match exposed metrics.
```

> In addition to `share_labels` being used to join labels with a 1:1 mapping, it can take other parameters for sharing. More information can be found in the [conf.yaml.exmaple][conf-yaml-example-share-labels].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`share_labels` are used to join labels with a 1:1 mapping and can take other parameters for sharing. More information can be found in the [conf.yaml.exmaple][conf-yaml-example-share-labels].
```
